Cutsworth says, remember, then, your grand creator in the days of your youth before the days of your stress calm.
In the days of distress, they arrived early on Jared at 11.
Jared was diagnosed with lymphoma cancer in the middle of 1991.
We started trying to figure out how we could get him the treatment that he needed, of course, but in no way would we accept a blood transfusion and neither would Jared.
But Jared was in the hospital, child protection services did investigate us. They were concerned there was negligence.
It was just adding to the pain.
The way it turned out, they backed completely away from that.
They realized we hadn't been negligent.
So as we face different situations, we'd pray at the time not to have miraculous answers, but for Jehovah to open our eyes and to be able to find things and it seemed as though he was really directing us so that we could take care of ourselves spiritually through this situation as well as take Jared's medical needs.
I remember many times falling on my knees and praying and thinking this is it.
I'm test to be on what I can bear and Jehovah would strengthen me.
And someone would come or they would say something and they fed us.
The brother made a schedule and he said, you're going to feed these friends.
And the brothers' instructions were, you don't bring it and just drop the food. You stay with those friends.
It made me cry, the love, and the caring that we experienced.
One time I remember the hallways of this hospital, 1,500 miles away from our home, started filling up with people.
To me, that's answering prayers too.
It was hard for us to get out of the hospital. So they recorded talks. They would look us in the eye and they'd say, now you need to listen to this.
It will keep you strong.
Jared was worried about us and he made it clear. He was going to be fine. He just didn't know if we were going to be.
He died in June of 1992. He was at home.
And the last thing he said to us was, work hard so we can all be together again.
It's numbing because it's almost like you're living in nightmare.
Because you never think that those things all happened to you. But it did.
I didn't want people to see me cry. I didn't want pity.
I didn't. Because of that, those negative feelings, my imagination, were in wild.
What helped me, I know was Gary putting into my heart and mind that this is a fight.
It's been a challenge for all mankind that if you make a heart on them, they don't love you.
Satan said that about Jehovah and individuals. So I would be giving into that.
The strong feelings I had and my sorrow almost made me stop.
I prayed a lot to go back to the kingdom all. The congregation cried.
They lost a little boy. It wasn't just Gary and Beth. They lost a little boy.
They cried. I didn't feel alone. We hugged, we cried together.
It really benefited us to get right back in the spiritual focus and get our mind up ourselves.
And I could have gave in to my pain and thought, well, I'm too heartbroken.
It made me have more joy because I realize that now they have all.
People around us were vital. The support system Jehovah has. And his word, his spirit.
Jehovah answered those prayers.
Our goal was really to stay in the full-time ministry. Maybe doing something else.
But we never, ever thought we would be in the circuit work.
But to have our daughter working with her husband in the circuit work, it's almost hard to believe it's happening.
We look forward to seeing Jared again having him back with us.
So I'm waning and I know I'm not going to be disappointed.
How encouraging to know that Gary and Beth are able to take vacation time to travel occasionally to see their daughter
and her husband who are also serving in the traveling work.
And did you notice how Gary, Beth and Jared felt Jehovah's loving support as they prayed throughout this heart-wrenching trial?
They asked for wisdom when seeking medical treatment for Jared.
Jehovah put his arms around them and listened when they felt overwhelmed with grief and negative feelings.
He strengthened Jared's hope in the resurrection and helped brother and sister-sector stay spiritually strong.
Can there be any doubt that Jehovah was answering their prayers?
Doesn't that strengthen our conviction that Jehovah will also answer Jared's prayer that they all will be together again?